Clear quartz
Some consider this white crystal to be a master healer.

It’s said to:

amplify energy
aid concentration and memory
help balance your energetic system
People often pair this stone with others like rose quartz to aid and enhance their abilities.

Obsidian
Obsidian is believed to be an intensely protective stone.

It’s said to:

shield against physical and emotional negativity
get rid of emotional blockages
promote the qualities of strength, clarity, and compassion
help you find your true sense of self
This stone may also help you digest experiences, emotions, and baggage, freeing you from negative blockages.

Rose quartz
Just as the color may suggest, this pink stone is all about love.

It’s said to:

help restore trust and harmony in relationships
enhance connection
provide comfort and calm during times of grief
encourage love, respect, trust, and self-worth
Who couldn’t use some of that?

Jasper
This smooth crystal is known as the supreme nurturer.

It’s said to:

empower the spirit
support you through times of stress by preparing you to show up fully
protect you from and absorb negative vibes
promote courage, quick thinking, and confidence
These are traits that are extra helpful when tackling important issues.

Citrine
Bring joy, wonder, and enthusiasm to every part of your life with citrine.

It’s said to:

help you release negative emotions like fear and doubt
encourage optimism, warmth, motivation, and clarity
enhance mindfulness qualities
encourage creativity
support concentration

Turquoise
This blue crystal is said to help heal the mind, body, and soul.

It’s also said to:

be a good luck charm
help balance emotions
support spiritual groundedness
When it comes to the body, it’s said to represent the respiratory, skeletal, and immune systems.

Amethyst
This purple stone is said to be incredibly protective, healing, and purifying.

It’s also said to:

help rid the mind of negative thoughts
bring forth humility, sincerity, and spiritual wisdom
promote willpower and healthy choices
aid sleep and demystify dreams

Tiger’s eye
This golden stone may be for you if you need a power or motivation boost.

It’s said to:

help rid your mind and body of fear, anxiety, and self-doubt
guide you to harmony and balance
help you make clear, conscious decisions
This can be beneficial for career aspirations or even matters of the heart.

Moonstone
Moonstone is known for ushering in new beginnings.

It’s said to:

encourage inner growth and strength
soothe feelings of stress and instability when embarking on new ventures
help you move forward successfully
promote positive thinking, intuition, and inspiration
support success and good fortune

Bloodstone
This powerful healing stone lives up to its name.

Bloodstone is believed to:

draw off negative environmental energies
encourage circulation of ideas and energy
promote selflessness, creativity, and idealism
reduce irritability, aggressiveness, and impatience
Symbolically, bloodstone is associated with blood and blood-related bodily processes, like menstruation.

Sapphire
This blue stone is one of wisdom and royalty.

It’s said to:

attract prosperity, happiness, and peace
opening the mind to beauty and intuition
help with clear seeing
promote a positive mood

Ruby
This striking red stone is a real standout.

It’s said to:

restore vitality and energy levels
promote sexuality and sensuality
support intellectual pursuits
bring self-awareness and recognition of truth

blue diamond
Blue diamonds are Type IIb diamonds, which are extremely rare and valued very high. Most blue diamonds are rare, but blue diamonds with very high color intensity that display a deep blue color are the rarest. Of course large stones are even harder to come by and much pricier.

black diamond
Carbonado, commonly known as black diamond, is one of the toughest forms of natural diamond. It is an impure, high-density, micro-porous form of polycrystalline diamond consisting of diamond, graphite, and amorphous carbon, with minor crystalline precipitates filling pores and occasional reduced metal inclusions.

icelandic diamond
It's called Icelandic Beach because the sand here is scattered with shards and orbs of ice that sparkle as clear as diamond. The ice made its way down from the nearby Breiðamerkurjökull glacier.

yellow diamond
Yellow diamonds get their colour through the presence of nitrogen during the formation of the stone. The intensity of the yellow is dependent upon varying amounts of nitrogen. The difference between yellow diamonds and white diamonds is that white diamonds have little to no nitrogen, and therefore do not show colour.

 is the place to buy Crystal & Gemstone Jewellery, crystal pendants, crystal beads, Crystals, Fossils, Healing Stones, Rock Clusters, Geode Rocks & Tumbled Stones online. We stock over 2,000 products and our site provides extensive information on minerals, stone types, chakra and much more! We have one of the largest selections of products online and are able to source gemstone and mineral products on request.